-----------------------------------------------------------------------------
Name: Alberto Laurenzi ID:150954162 
Email: alaurenzi@myseneca.ca---------------------------------------------------------------------

1-	What was the most interesting thing you learned this semester?
	I think if you like to be a programmer any lectures or topics are important and interesting to you. By the way,  function,
	pointer and struct I liked most because more challangeble to undestand.

2-	Do you feel the quizzes about the week’s readings helped you learn more than you might have otherwise?
	I guess that the idea to divide the 75% regarding the week that it has not been covered yet, plus the 25% regarding the week 
	already covered, is critical for keep up with the material and the studing but, for me, the quizzez weren't enough for improve
	my learning.

3-	Are there any things that you particularly like about the way the course is delivered?
	I guess in this case, the major role in making interesting the topic and deliver it with successufull, is taken by the professor.
	My professor explained very clearly and his attitude in taking care of their students made me happy  and interested.

4-	Are there any things that you particularly dislike about the way the course is delivered?
	The problem that I faced, as a beginner, too many information in a short period of time.

5-	Is there anything you would like to see added to the way the course is delivered?
	I would like to have more hours of lab.

6-	How would you rate your level of understanding of the course topics? (B)

	a.	Very good
	b.	Pretty good
	c.	Adequate
	d.	Poor

7-	Did you enjoy doing the workshops? Why?
	I liked doing workshops and  I can say that those activities were challangeble but the best way
	for deeply undestanding  how to apply the theory learned  during the class to the practise.

8-	The content of this course was (C)

	a.	Too little
	b.	Just right
	c.	Too much

9-	Did you enjoy the Lab-A activities? 
	Lab activities are interesting and very important because you can practise what you are going to do while you will be working and also for solving critical
	problems that everyone can face during the life.

10-	Do you feel that Lab-A helped you understand how to think like a programmer?
	I guess in order to be a programmer you have to undestand the concept of how can be work or be delivered a code first. Thank the use of flowchart and 
	the group activities done during the section A I will sure take advantage of them.